README.md, before:

# Planner CLI & Flutter UI

A simple planner with both a Dart command-line interface and a Flutter client. Tasks are stored locally in JSON and support creating, updating, listing, deleting, filtering, and sorting with validation and basic error handling.

## Prerequisites

- [Flutter SDK 3.19+](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install) (includes `dart` for the CLI)

## Getting started

Install dependencies:

```bash
flutter pub get
```

### Run the CLI

```bash
dart run bin/main.dart
```

The CLI persists data to `data/planner_data.json` in the repository root.

### Run the Flutter UI

Launch the Flutter experience on a supported device/emulator (mobile or desktop):

```bash
flutter run -d macos   # or windows, linux, ios, android
```

The UI uses the same models and repository as the CLI. Data is stored in a JSON file named `planner_data.json` inside the platform-specific application documents/support directory (mobile/desktop). On unsupported platforms, the app falls back to a local `data/` folder.

## Usage overview

After launching, you can:

1. **Create** – enter title, optional description, due date (ISO 8601 or `YYYY-MM-DD`), and priority (low/medium/high).
2. **Update** – edit an existing item’s fields and status.
3. **List** – view all items with overdue/high-priority indicators.
4. **Delete** – remove an item with confirmation.
5. **Filter & sort** – filter by priority/status, toggle overdue-only, and sort by date/priority/status.

## Testing

Run automated tests (CLI/Flutter-aware):

```bash
flutter test
```

## Project structure

- `bin/main.dart` – CLI entrypoint wiring the repository and storage location.
- `lib/main.dart` – Flutter entrypoint that resolves the platform storage path and launches the UI.
- `lib/ui` – Flutter presentation layer, routing, forms, filters, and list views.
- `lib/models/planner_item.dart` – core model plus enums and JSON helpers.
- `lib/services/planner_repository.dart` – JSON persistence and filtering/sorting helpers.
- `lib/cli` – interactive menu flow and input validation utilities.
- `test/` – model and workflow coverage.

Commit message:

Fix build issues in theme and status icon

README.md, after:

# Planner CLI & Flutter UI

A simple planner with both a Dart command-line interface and a Flutter client. Tasks are stored locally in JSON and support creating, updating, listing, deleting, filtering, and sorting with validation and basic error handling.

## Prerequisites

- [Flutter SDK 3.19+](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install) (includes `dart` for the CLI)

## Getting started

Install dependencies:

```bash
flutter pub get
```

### Run the CLI

```bash
dart run bin/main.dart
```

The CLI persists data to `data/planner_data.json` in the repository root.

### Run the Flutter UI

Launch the Flutter experience on a supported device/emulator (mobile or desktop):

```bash
flutter run -d macos   # or windows, linux, ios, android
```

The UI uses the same models and repository as the CLI. Data is stored in a JSON file named `planner_data.json` inside the platform-specific application documents/support directory (mobile/desktop). On unsupported platforms, the app falls back to a local `data/` folder.

### Styling & visual direction

- The Flutter UI theme is centralized in `lib/ui/app.dart` via `PlannerTheme` and its `PlannerTokens` extension. Change the `seedColor` passed to `PlannerFlutterApp` (or `PlannerTheme.themed`) to instantly retint the entire experience, including cards, chips, and form fills.
- `PlannerTokens` also exposes shared corner radii, gutters, and emphasis text styles so new widgets can pick up the same rounded surfaces and typography.

### Adaptive & interactive UI

- The home page now responds to device width: phones use a stacked list, tablets switch to a masonry-like grid, and desktops show a two-pane layout with a persistent detail inspector.
- An "Ideas board" view lets you long-press and drag tasks between status columns to quickly reprioritize without opening the edit form.

## Usage overview

After launching, you can:

1. **Create** – enter title, optional description, due date (ISO 8601 or `YYYY-MM-DD`), and priority (low/medium/high).
2. **Update** – edit an existing item’s fields and status.
3. **List** – view all items with overdue/high-priority indicators.
4. **Delete** – remove an item with confirmation.
5. **Filter & sort** – filter by priority/status, toggle overdue-only, and sort by date/priority/status.

## Testing

Run automated tests (CLI/Flutter-aware):

```bash
flutter test
```

## Project structure

- `bin/main.dart` – CLI entrypoint wiring the repository and storage location.
- `lib/main.dart` – Flutter entrypoint that resolves the platform storage path and launches the UI.
- `lib/ui` – Flutter presentation layer, routing, forms, filters, and list views.
- `lib/models/planner_item.dart` – core model plus enums and JSON helpers.
- `lib/services/planner_repository.dart` – JSON persistence and filtering/sorting helpers.
- `lib/cli` – interactive menu flow and input validation utilities.
- `test/` – model and workflow coverage.
